[FAQ] Design guidelines (#323)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/FAQ/index.mdx

---
title: FAQ
description: Display content in a Q&A format
---

import ComponentLayout from '../../../src/layouts/component-layout'
export default ComponentLayout

## Anatomy

> ![The text component has a heading, optional subheading, and a list of questions and answers.](https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/b2fa1bb7-938c-42ed-a549-fdc9f2759184)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The FAQ component has a heading, optional subheading, and a list of questions that are interactive to expand and show answers](https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/b2fa1bb7-938c-42ed-a549-fdc9f2759184)
```

- Heading: The main title of the FAQ.
- Subheading: An optional short description that extends the information provided by the heading and helps group the items in the list.

> - Question: The title of the question.

Author: good point!

- Answer: The answer to the question.

## Usage

> Use the FAQ to provide answers to common questions about a product or a feature presented on a page. The FAQ is a good way to provide additional information that is not directly related to the main content of the page. We recommend placing the FAQ at the bottom of the page, after the main content. Avoid using the FAQ to provide information that is already available in the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the FAQ to provide answers to common questions about a product or a feature presented on a page. The FAQ is a good way to provide additional information that may be beyond the scope of the main content of the page. We recommend placing the FAQ at the bottom of the page, after the main content. Avoid using the FAQ to provide information that is already available in the page.
```

> Answers should be clear and be no longer than 2-3 paragraphs. If the answer is longer than that, needs visual assets or a specific layout treatment, consider using a different component. For instance, if the answer needs an image, we recommend using a list of [cards](/components/Card) or a [river](/components/River) component instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answers should be clear and be no longer than 2-3 paragraphs. If the answer is longer than the suggested, needs visual assets, or a specific layout treatment, consider using a different component. For instance, if the answer needs an image, we recommend using a list of [cards](/components/Card) or a [river](/components/River) component instead.
```

For answers that need to provide a list of tasks, we recommend using an [ordered list](/components/OrderedList). To split the content into different items, we recommend using an [unordered list](/components/UnorderedList).

<DoDontContainer stacked>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://github.com/primer/brand/assets/912236/824ebdee-4cc0-425f-8521-2c4e7b06491f"
      alt=""
    />
    <Caption>
      Use the FAQ to provide clear answers to common questions. Link to other

>       resources or use ordered/unordered lists if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      resources and use ordered/unordered lists if necessary.
```
